security: secure-boot: versal op-tee introduction (#410)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/boards/versal-prepare.rst

Preparation
-----------

Ensure you replace the ``<factory>`` placeholder below with the name of your
Factory.

#. Download necessary files from ``https://app.foundries.io/factories/<factory>/targets``

     a. Click the latest :guilabel:`Target` with the ``platform-devel`` :guilabel:`Trigger`.

          .. figure:: /_static/boards/generic-steps-1.png
            :width: 769
            :align: center

     #. Expand the **run** in the :guilabel:`Runs` section which corresponds
        with the name of the board and **download the Factory image for that
        machine.**.

> 	For reference on how to use the JTAG port to boot download the image boot.bin
> 	from the **other** folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For reference on how to boot using the JTAG port, download ``boot.bin`` from the **other** folder:
```

>         | E.g: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
